.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Tell us about Mythril bugs to help us improve

---

_Note: did you notice that there is now a template for requesting new features?_

Please remove any of the optional sections if they are not applicable.

## Description

Replace this text with a clear and concise description of the bug.

## How to Reproduce

Please show both the input you gave and the
output you got in describing how to reproduce the bug:

1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

or give a complete console log with input and output

```console
$ myth <command-line-options>
==== Exception state ====
Type: ...
Contract: ...
Function name: ...
...
$
```

## Expected behavior

A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

## Screenshots

_This section is optional._

If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

## Environment

_This section sometimes is optional but helpful to us._

Please modify for your setup

- OS: [e.g. iOS]
- OS Version [e.g. 22]
- Mythril version: output from  `myth --version` or `pip show mythril`
- Solidity compiler and version: `solc --version`

## Additional Environment or Context

_This section is optional._

Add any other context about the problem here or special environment setup

Thanks for helping!

Commit message:

Include Python version on bug report.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Tell us about Mythril bugs to help us improve

---

_Note: did you notice that there is now a template for requesting new features?_

Please remove any of the optional sections if they are not applicable.

## Description

Replace this text with a clear and concise description of the bug.

## How to Reproduce

Please show both the input you gave and the
output you got in describing how to reproduce the bug:

1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

or give a complete console log with input and output

```console
$ myth <command-line-options>
==== Exception state ====
Type: ...
Contract: ...
Function name: ...
...
$
```

If there is a Solidity source code, a truffle project, or bytecode
that is involved, please provide that or links to it.

## Expected behavior

A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

## Screenshots

_This section is optional._

If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

## Environment

_This section sometimes is optional but helpful to us._

Please modify for your setup

- Mythril version: output from  `myth --version` or `pip show mythril`
- Solidity compiler and version: `solc --version`
- Python version: `python -V`
- OS: [e.g. iOS]
- OS Version [e.g. 22]

## Additional Environment or Context

_This section is optional._

Add any other context about the problem here or special environment setup

Thanks for helping!
